296

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Baskin, Moore and His Honor Acting Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Clark.

BID NO. 48.14	This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 48.14, for pipe and fittings

Opened	for the park at 8th and Charleston, bids were opened from the following firms:



Inland Service & Supply Co.

Las Vegas Hardware Co.

Nunnally Lumber Co.

Standard Whse Supply Co.

Plante Pipe & Tank Co.

Las Vegas Hardware Co. — Alternate bid on plastic pipe.

Thereafter Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing bids be referred to the
City Manager for checking and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Moore and His Honor Acting Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Clark.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Commissioner Moore, committee member on the proposed ordinance to amend Section

Amendment Sec. 1	1 of Ordinance No. 349  asked for additional time before reporting.

Ord. #349 

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE LICENSING, FOR THE PURPOSE OF REGULATION

No. 363	AND REVENUE, REAL ESTATE BROKERS AND REAL ESTATE SALESMEN, AS THEREIN DEFINED,

Real Estate Brokers	IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; FIXING THE FEES THEREFOR AND OTHER CHARGES IN CON-

lst Reading	NECTION THEREWITH; PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION OF ANY OF THE PRO-

VISIONS THEREOF; REPEALING SUBSECTION 2 OF SECTION 8 OF ORDINANCE NO. 244,

AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH; AND OTHER
MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO, was reported on favorably by Commissioners
Moore and Whipple, and thereafter read in full to the Board for the first
time.

Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved that Ordinance No. 363 be approved on its
first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Moore and His Honor Acting Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Clark.

MESSAGE CENTER	At this time Miss Irene Kearn, owner of the Message Center, 229 North 5th

License	Street appeared before the Board with the request that consideration be given

the license fee levied on her type of business. Miss Kearn stated that she
	felt that the $25.00 quarterly fee was excessive for such a small concern.

After considerable discussion His Honor advised Miss Kearn that this matter
would be properly investigated and that she would be notified of such investi-
gation.

PROPOSE ORDINANCE	Madison B. Graves, esq., appeared before the Board on behalf of the proposed

Race Horse Book	ordinance relative to race horse book wire service, and asked that the Board

Wire Service	order the reading of this ordinance for the first time.



Commissioner Whipple, committee member for the report on said ordinance stated
that he was prepared to report favorably. However, Commissioner Moore, second
member of said committee said that he desired a full Board present before this
ordinance be acted upon.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	An ordinance entitled; AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS AMENDING ORDINANCE

No. 366	NO. 308, PROVIDING FOR THE ESTABLISHMENT OF A BUREAU OF FIRE PREVENTION, PROVID-

Fire Prevention Code ING OFFICERS THEREFOR AND DEFINING THEIR POWERS AND DUTIES, AND PRESCRIBING

REGULATIONS FOR FIRE PREVENTION AND LIFE SAFETY IN CONNECTION WITH HAZARDOUS
MATERIAL AND PROCESSES; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR ITS VIOLATION AND REPEAL OF
ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, was reported on favor-
ably by a committee composed of Commissioners Moore and Whipple, and thereafter
read in full to the Board for the first time.

Commissioner Moore moved that Ordinance No. 366 be approved on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Baskin, Moore and His Honor Acting Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Clark.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Commissioner Moore moved that the application of Brandhorst, Inc., L.R. Schway

Esquire Bar	and R.F. Kroening dba Esquire Bar, 120 South 2nd Street for a retail tavern

3rd Qtr.	liquor license for the third quarter of 1948 be granted.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Baskin, Moore, and His Honor Acting Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Clark.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Commis-
sioner Baskin moved that the meeting recess until September 30, 1948.