434

7-3-53

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes
none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and Sharp.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for	renewal of

Renewals	gaming license for the third quarter of 1953, be approved	in the same

	status as they were during the second quarter of 1953.

ALL NITS MARKET	921 South Main	Arthur Nunez	3	SLots

BRAVO'S MARKET	410 Morgan	Frank Lancaster	1	Slot

GILBERT BROS LIQUORS	404	W.	Bonanza	Harry V.T. Gilbert	4	Slots

GILBERT BROS MARKET	400	W.	Bonanza	Harry V.T. Gilbert	3	Slots

LIDO BAR	107	N.	1st	P.J. & J. Buckeley	1	Slots

PONY EXPRESS STAGES	123	S.	1st	Dave Wolzinger	3	Slots

SIGNAL TRUCK TERMINAL	2102 S. 5th	L.E. Clark	3	Slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and Sharp.

New Location	Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for gaming

license for the third quarter of 1953, the same being new locations
be approved:

DESERT POULTRY	1506 S. Main	P.J. & J. Buckley	1 Slot

BRENDA'S MACK BAR	117 S. 2nd	P.J. & J. Buckely	2 Slots

J

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and Sharp.

Change of Applicant	Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for gaming license

for the third quarter of 1953, being changes of applicant be approved:

WESTSIDE SHOPPING CENTER	1315 D. Street	Ellsworth Baker &P.E.H. Lavoie 1 SLot

(Formerly issued to Ellsworth Baker & P.L. Jefferson)

WITTWER'S CAFE	720 N. Main	Ray Knearl & Dan Mesheske	4 SLot®

	(Formerly issued to Reed Wittwer, Betty Richert, Mary MacEntire)

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote? Commissioners Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and Sharp.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of the Boulder Club

Additional	partnership by L.L. Hezzelwood for additional license at the Boulder

\	Club, 18 Fremont for license for 2 Birdge, and 1 Faro game for the

third quarter of 1953 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and Sharp.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Philip L. Rizzo, Zarape

Change of Business	Mexican Food, 1735 S. 5th Street for a Restaurant Beverage License,

Name	the business previously called Rizzo's Italian Food, be approved subject

	to investigation by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and Sharp.

At this time Commissioner Sharp arrived at the meeting.

OLD SEWER PLANT	Commissioner Bunker moved the City Attorney be instructed to negotiate

	with the Government on behalf of the City on the basis of his memorandum

to the Board of Commissioners, concerning the old sewage disposal plant
originally leased from the government with an option to purchase.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none. Absent? Commissioner Jarrett.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICTS	The bids for the bonds on Assessment District Nos. 100-11 and 100-18

Nos. 100-11 & 100-18	received by the Board at their regular meeting held July 1, 1953 was

Bid on Bonds	presented for discussion at this time.

J

Commissioner Whipple moved that the Board was acceptable to this Bid
of total on Assessment District No. 100-11 and 3 3/4% total on
Assessment District No. 100-18, and in the event the Company can't be
held to that figure the bids will be rejected; further the City Attorney
was authorized to advise F.T. Boise and T.D. Morris of this fact.