with interest at not to exceed five per centum per annum, and authorizing the Mayor and City
Clerk to sign the note or notes of the City therefor. The vote on said resolution was as
follows: Voting aye, Commissioner Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor, the Mayor.

Voting No, none. Absent Commissioner, Ronnow.

On June 17th, 1940, on motion of Commissioner Gilbert, seconded by Commissioner Krause
it was moved and carried that the City Attorney be instructed to draft a letter to Governor
Carville and ascertain the State Board of	Finance would be	in session and requesting	the

Governor to call a special meeting of the	Board in the event a meeting	was not to be	held

for some time. The vote upon this motion	was as follows:	Voting aye,	Commissioner	Ronnow,

Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, and His Honor, the Mayor.	Voting No,	none.

At this same meeting, on motion of Commissioner Gilbert, seconded by Commissioner Corra-
detti, it was moved and carried that Commissioner Ronnow attend the meeting of the State Board
of Finance in regard to the application of the City for permission to float said Emergency
Loan. The vote on this motion was as follows: Voting Aye, Commissioner Gilbert, Krause and
Corradetti and His Honor, the Mayor. Voting No, Commissioner Ronnow.

And at the same meeting it was moved by Commissioner Gilbert and seconded by Commissioner
Krause, that Finance Commissioner, Corradetti, accompany Commissioner Ronnow on said trip to
Carson City, The motion was carried by the following vote: Voting Aye, Commissioners Gilbert,
Krause, and His Honor, the Mayor. Voting No, Commissioners Ronnow and Corradetti.

Upon receipt of a letter from the Governor in answer to the letter written by the City
Attorney, naming July 1st, 1940, at 2-o'clock P.M. as the time for meeting, Commissioners Ro-
nnow and Corradetti and Auditor A. W. Blackman met with the Governor and Dan Franks in the
Governor's Chambers in the Capitol and discussed at length the need for such ah Emergency Loan.
Owing to the fact that Mr. Henry Schmidt, a member of the State Board of Finance, had been
called away on account of the death of a relative, there was not quorum present and official
action could not then be taken. The two members present expressed their opinion that the Board
would grant permission to make an Emergency Loan as requested, provided they receive a letter
from the County Commissioners of Clark County, stating that the County Commissioners had
approved a rate of $1.05 for the City of Las Vegas, which rate did include provision for the re-
payment of said Emergency Loan.

On July 5th, 1940, Commissioner Corradetti and Auditor, A. E. Blackeman, presented to the
County Commissioners the request of the State Board of Finance for the above mentioned letter,
and the County Commissioners caused a letter to be drawn setting forth the requested facts, and
mailed the same to the State Board of Finance. No word being received by the City from the
State Board of Finance, Commissioners Ronnow and Corradetti instructed the City Clerk to wire
an inquiry to the State Board of Finance, on July 27th, 1940. On the same day a reply stated
that the State Board of Finance would take action Monday afternoon July 29th, 1940. Not having
heard from them on July 31st, 1940, the City Clerk again wired a request as to what action had
been taken. In reply the State Board of Finance wired that they had written a letter reques-
ting the information mentioned above from the Board of County Commissioners. Evidently they
failed to receive the letter mailed July 5th, 1940, by the Board of County Commissioners.
Commissioner Ronnow immediately notified County Clerk, Lloyd S. Payne, and he telephoned Dan
Franks immediately and read him over the telephone a copy of the County Commissioners' letter.

The contents of this letter Mr. Franks relayed to the State Board of Finance at their meeting
on Thursday, August 1st, 1940. The next information regarding the matter was receipt by the
City Clerk of a copy of a letter from the State Board of Finance addressed to Hon. L. Russell
Mayor, stating that in accordance with his request for hearing, a meeting would be held at
2-o-clock P.M. on Thursday, August 8th, 1940 in the Governor's office for the purpose of hearing
such arguments as he, the Mayor, wished to present, said letter being signed for the State
Board of Finance, by D. G. La Rue, Secretary. Whatever communication the Mayor had sent to the
State Board of Finance was sent without the knowledge of any City Commissioner or any other
City official. Heretofore the Mayor has always emphatically demanded that all City business
be transacted in open meetings. He now, after having approved all steps leading up to the
application for said Emergency Loan, and having concurred in and voted for the appointment of a
committee whose sole duty it was to present arguments to the State Board of Finance that an
emergency for the making of said loan did and does exist, and after the City had received prac-
tical assurance that such application would be approved on August 1st, 1940, without consulting
any City Commissioner in open meeting or otherwise, requests the State Board of Finance to de-
lay the approval of said loan until he himself can appear personally before said Board.

The law requires the adoption of a City budget on or before Monday in March of each year
The budget adopted for the year of 1940 included the Emergency Loan in its item of revenue.

The various City departments have proceeded in their expenditures on the supposition that the
Emergency Loan would be granted. It would be unwise to proceed any longer with any uncertainty
existing that this revenue would not be available. Consequently all departments to the City
are hampered in their work by further delay.

The need for this Emergency Loan will appear from the following figures.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

SCHEDULE A - REVENUES

Actual	Budget	Revenue

Revenue	Estimate	to July 31,

1939	1940	1940

Licensed .................. 93,101.50	90,000.00	72,387.35

Permits....................... 2,913.15	3,000.00	3,609.15

Fines and Fees ............... 3,948.00	4,000.00	2,396.16

Garbage Fees ................. 4,575.40	4,500.00	3,109.70

Poll Tax . . ................. 6,783.00	6,500.00	5,310.00

Sales and Rentals. . . . .	4,428.00	4,000.00	3,042.39

Emergency Loans. . . . . . -------------  15.000.00	-—

Total Usable Non-Tax 115,749. 07	127,000.00	88,854.75

Special Assessments. . . . 12,557.41	2,235.00	2,628.71

Special Deposits - Trust .	400.00	---		 300.00

Park Improvement - Trust .-------- ------------- --------233.43

Total Non-Tax .	129,235.00

Taxes ................... 64,122.52	61,950.00	30,092.42

Grand Total	192,829.00	191,185.00	122,109.31