MINUTES	Commissioner Sharp moved the minutes of November 18, 1959 be approved by

November 18, 1959	reference and the Mayor and City Clerk he authorized to sign same.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

CHARITABLE	Commissioner Elwell moved the following Charitable Solicitation Permit as

SOLICITATION	approved by the Solicitations Review Board be approved and the Supervisor of

PERMITS	License and Revenue authorized to issue the permit:

Approved	GIRL SCOUTS, FRONTIER COUNCIL - "Fantasy in Rhythm" Ticket Sale.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

GAMING LICENSE	Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Kost and Kell for license for three

New	slot machines at the K & K Store, 225 N. 3rd, be approved on the basis of favorable

K & K Store	police report, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the

license.

Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

GAMING LICENSE	Commissioner Elwell moved the following applications for additional gaming

Additional	licenses be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to

issue the licenses:

Approved

SHOWBOAT LANES	2800 Fremont	Super Scope Coin	2 Slots

JOE JULIAN'S	2444 L. V. Blvd. S.              Super Scope Coin	1 Cash Pin

LIQUOR STORE

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Commissioner Elwell moved the application of James Pages for a Restaurant Beverage

New Owner	License at the Coney Island Cafe, 417 S. 2nd, former owner, Edward DeBord, be

approved on the basis of favorable police report and the Supervisor of License and
Coney Island Cafe	Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

CIGARETTE LICENSES	Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for Cigarette License for

additional locations be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
Additional Locations	authorized to issue the licenses.

Approved	2nd Street Barber Shop	117 S. 2nd St.	Ralph T. Warne Vending

Nevada School of Dealing	131	N.	3rd	St.	Ralph	T.	Warne	Vending

Huntridge Barber Shop	1210	E.	Chrlstn.	Ralph	T.	Warne	Vending

Town House Beauty Salon	1104	S.	3rd	St.	Ralph	T.	Warne	Vending

Coney Island	412	S.	2nd	St.	Ralph	T.	Warne	Vending

Safari Motel	2000	Fremont	Ralph	T.	Warne	Vending

Yellow Cab Co.	115	S. Main	Ralph	T.	Warne	Vending

Nevada Parking	2nd	& Ogden Streets	Ralph	T.	Warne	Vending

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT	The Commission again considered the application of Mrs. Vern Howard for a use

U-27-59	permit to allow Frederika M. Singer to conduct a private music school for piano,

accordion and guitar at 242 Boston Avenue, between Industrial Road and Fairfield,
Mrs. Vern Howard	legally described as Lots 18 and 19, Block 13, Meadows Addition in an R-4 zone.

This application was referred back to the Board of Zoning Adjustment by the City
Denied	Commission on November 4, 1959.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Mrs. Vern Howard for a use permit
be denied, as recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, inasmuch as the
applicant had sold the property and the new owner had indicated that he did not
want a music school permit.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT	The Commission considered the application of Myrill Rabb for a use permit to conduct

U-28-59	a commercial child nursery for 15 children less than one year old and 15 children

no more than two years old at 630 S. 3rd Street, generally located at the northwest
Myrill Rabb	corner of 3rd Street and Garces Avenue, legally described as Lots 17 and 18, Block

24, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, in an R-4 zone.

Denied

Approval was recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, providing no more than
24 children be allowed and subject to the following conditions: (There were 42

protests from surrounding property owners at the Board of Zoning Adjustment
hearing.)

1.	Compliance with all provisions of the Child Welfare Ordinance.

2.	Recommendations of the Fire and Building Departments.

3.	That the property be enclosed with a suitable fence; said fence being impervious
to children.

12-2-59