RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
QUITCLAIM DEED
Mack and Moss

Nevada Southern
Gas Co.

O. H. Nelson
E. O. Underhill

HOUSE MOVING

AUDIT OF CITY
ACCOUNTS

At the hour of 9:00 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at 9:30 P.M.
with all members present as of the opening session.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a quitclaim deed from Nate Mack
and Melvin Moss for sever purposes, deed dated January 10, 1955.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, seconded by Commissioner Bunker and duly carried
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 19th day of January, 1955, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 10th day
of January, 1955; executed by Nate Mack and Melvin Moss, to the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and
is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a quitclaim deed from Nevada
Southern Gas Company for property on Owens Avenue, deed dated January 11, 1955.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, seconded by Commissioner Bunker and duly carried, the
following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 19th day of January, 1955, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the quitclaim deed dated the
11th day of January, 1955; executed by Nevada Southern Gas Company, to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein
be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a quitclaim deed from O. H. Nelson
for property on Westwood Avenue, deed dated January 17, 1955.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, seconded by Commissioner Bunker and duly carried, the
following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 19th day of January, 1955, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the quitclaim deed dated the
17th day of January, 1955; executed by O. H. Nelson, to the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is
hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a quitclaim deed from E. O.

Underhill for the widening of Oakey at 5th Street, dated January 6, 1955.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, seconded by Commissioner Bunker and duly carried,
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 19th day of January, 1955; by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the quitclaim deed dated the
6th day of January, 1955; executed by E. O. Underhill, to the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is
hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the request to move a house from 920-922 South 1st to
506 McWilliams & 321 Van Buren Ave. be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time City Manager George Rounthwaite recommended that the proposal of Conway,

Moe, Hibbs and Funston for the audit of the accounts of the City be accepted.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that the recommendation of the City Manager be
accepted and that the other accounting firms be sent letters thanking them for their
interest.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

1-19-55