LIQUOR APPLICATION
Change of Location

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Change of Name

GAMING APPLICATIONS
New

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Additions

PROPOSED AMENDMENT
Liquor Ordinance
No. 632

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Sewer Rental

PROPOSED AMENDMENT
Traffic Commission
Ordinance

PROPOSED AMENDMENT
Plumbing Code

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
License Penalty

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Rezoning

WESTSIDE RECREATION
CENTER

Architect Hired
FIRE ALARM SYSTEM

Commissioner Bunker moved that the liquor application of James Snowden for a retail
liquor license for Jimmy's Liquor Store, 1400 No. E Street, formerly located at 1312
North F Street, he approved subject to a check by the Police and Fire Departments.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the request of Winifred and Hugh Pinkstaff to change
the name of their liquor store at 1232 South 5th Street from Sue's Liquor Store to
Pinky's.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that this change of name be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the following new gaming applications be approved:

HOME DINING ROOM 415 Jackson	C. R. Millhizer	1 slot

5TH ST. RESTAURANT 825 South 5th	Nono Scianna	3 slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the following applications for additional games be
approved:

HORSESHOE CLUB	128	Fremont	By:	Harry Dorsett	9	slots

FORTUNE CLUB	109	Fremont	By:	R. Van Santen	10	slots

NEVADA CLUB	113	Fremont	By:	A. F. Schellang	3	slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the
proposed amendment to the Liquor Ordinance, reported favorably on Section 1 of this'
ordinance which deletes club liquor licenses from the limitation clause. They requested
additional time before reporting on the remainder of the amendment of this ordinance.

Thereafter an ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 586 BY PROVIDING

A NEW BASIS OF POPULATION FOR THE ISSUANCE OF TAVERN LIQUOR AND RETAIL LIQUOR LICENSES;
PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
HEREWITH, was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the above entitled Ordinance No. 632 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple, and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed sewer
rental ordinance, requested additional time before reporting.

A proposed amendment to the traffic commission ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO

AMEND SECTION 2 OF ORDINANCE NO. 616 BY PROVIDING FOR ADDITIONAL MEMBERS OF THE TRAFFIC
AND PARKING COMMISSION; PROVIDING THEIR TERMS IN OFFICE; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR
PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED
THERETO was read by title and referred to Commissioners Whipple and Bunker for
recommendation.

A proposed amendment to the Plumbing Code entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 406

OF ORDINANCE NO. 520, ALSO KNOWN AS THE UNIFORM PLUMBING CODE, 1952 EDITION, BY
PROVIDING FOR CLEAN OUT VALVES AND THEIR LOCATION; PROVIDING FOR OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY
RELATED THERETO; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF; AND REPEALING ALL
ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH was read by title and referred
to Commissioners Sharp and Whipple for recommendation.

A proposed license penalty ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO PROVIDE PENALTIES FOR

LATE PAYMENT OF LICENSE FEES AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO was read by
title and referred to Commissioners Bunker and Whipple for recommendation.

A proposed rezoning ordinance entitled: AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE
NO. 378, REFERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE, 1949, BY
AMENDING THE LAND USE PLAN MAP ADOPTED BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND CHANGING THE ZONE
DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN AREAS ON THE SAID MAP was read by title and referred to
Commissioners Sharp and Bunker for recommendation.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the City enter into a contract with Mr. Charles Cox for
plans and specifications for the Jackson Street Recreation Building, as set out in the
agreement, and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The proposed agreement with the Telephone Company for the installation of the fire
alarm system was presented. No action was taken on this agreement until it could be
determined whether the fees set out were to be on an annual basis.

2-16-55