was considerable discussion as to what would he the position of the
Housing Authority in the event it did own the property. As a result,
the City Attorney's office engaged in considerable research and, at
the conclusion, decided to submit the matter jointly on behalf of the
Housing Authority and the City to the Attorney General for his ruling
and opinion.

Mr. Cory stated that in the State of California there have been no less
than three Supreme Court cases, each of which involved the City of
Los Angeles, and each of which involved substantial tracts of land, all
of which held that when there is in existence a cooperation agreement,
such as the one in existence between the City of Las Vegas and the
Housing Authority, which, incidentally, is required by the Federal
Government, the rezoning request must be granted, provided the request
is reasonable and in conformance with zoning of a similar type. He
advised there was a Montana decision and a strong decision in the
Supreme Court of Wyoming to this effect and stated the Nevada Supreme
Court tends to follow decisions of Western States more readily than
courts of last resort in Eastern States. According to Mr. Cory, both
the Montana and Wyoming decisions were even more emphatic than the
California cases in holding that once the City Housing Authority
initiates a proposal for a housing project the City cannot refuse to
rezone property if it is necessary for completion of that project. It
was Mr. Cory's belief that if the Nevada Supreme Court followed the
decision of courts of last resort in other Western States, it will
necessarily hold that the City must rezone the property as requested.

He concluded with the remark that this would not mean that some
interested taxpayer might not question the rezoning and seek a
decision in a Court.

Commissioner Fountain moved that this rezoning be held in abeyance
until there was a full Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

Additional time was requested for the proposed Child Welfare Ordinance
which was introduced and read by title at the regular meeting of the
Board of City Commissioners held July 1, 1959, and referred to
Commissioners Fountain and Elwell, committee for recommendation.

Additional time was requested for the proposed Liquor Control Ordinance
which was introduced and read by title at the regular meeting of the
Board of City Commissioners held September 16, 1959, and referred to
Commissioners Sharp and Whipple, committee for recommendation.

Additional time was requested for the proposed Plumbing Code Ordinance
which was introduced and read by title at the regular meeting of the
Board of City Commissioners held November 18, 1959, and referred to
Commissioners Fountain and Sharp for recommendation.

An Ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE

NO. 378, REFERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, CODE OF LAS VEGAS,
NEVADA, 1949, BY AMENDING THE LAND USE PLAN MAP ADOPTED BY THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, AND CHANGING THE ZONING DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN AREAS OF
THE SAID MAP was read by title.

Commissioner Whipple moved the above-entitled Ordinance No. 816 be
adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

An Ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE

NO. 378, REFERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, CODE OF LAS VEGAS,
NEVADA, 1949, BY AMENDING THE LAND USE PLAN MAP ADOPTED BY THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, AND CHANGING THE ZONING DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN AREAS OF THE
SAID MAP was read by title and referred to Commissioners Elwell and
Fountain, committee for recommendation.

City Manager Kennedy advised the General Fund Balance, after Service
and Material Warrants and Payroll was $1,400,701.30. He stated in the
Service and Material Warrants there was a bank transfer of $65,000.00
and an investment of $9,458.92, which are not actually moneys spent,
but transfers to other accounts. Actual moneys spent were $87,205.00.

He stated there was a refund to Mr. Joe Gordon who paid his slot
machine license twice and that the estimated gross payroll was
$117,000.00.

City Manager Kennedy stated he had received a request from the City
Golf Board that the green fees for the forthcoming Championship City
Golf Match, to be held Saturday and Sunday, December 19th and 20th, be
waived and he had been advised by the City Attorney that under the
present law a decision on this should come from the Board of
Commissioners.

Commissioner Fountain moved the green fees for the Championship City
Golf Match, to be held December 19th and 20th, be waived.

12-16-59

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Child Welfare Ordinance
Continued

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Liquor Control Ordinance
Continued

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Plumbing Code
Continued

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
No. 816

Rezoning Z-28, Z-34
& Z-36-59

Adopted

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Rezoning Z-29-59
Referred to Committee

GENERAL FUND BALANCE

GREEN FEES WAIVER
Ralph Legion
Approved