1.	To act upon business pertaining to amendatory application for street work in Las Vegas 1937

Improvement District No. 3.	District

2.	To act upon the signing and disposal of Las Vegas 1937 Improvement/No. 3 bonds.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns,

City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby admit due service
of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

L.L. Arnett	Jas. H. Down	Herbert Krause

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner

H.P. Marble	H.L. Perry

Commissioner	Commissioner

Minutes of a Special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on
the 3rd day of June, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry City Attorney and Clerk
Mr. Austin present as City Attorney for the first time.

Absent none.

The City Clerk presented to	the Board the printed forms of bonds authorized by	the	terms

of Ordinance No. 223 of the City	of Las Vegas, entitled: "An	Ordinance authorizing	the

Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada to borrow Sixteen Thou-
sand Five Hundred Ninety-seven and 95/100 ($16,597.95) Dollars, to cover certain unpaid
assessments heretofore levied and confirmed by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas for the purpose of paying for work of making improvements in the City of Las Vegas by
grading for and the construction of oil bound gravel pavements on certain streets and por-
tions of streets in the City of Las Vegas and particularly described in what is called "Las
Vegas 1937 Improvement District No. 3", and to issue and sell the bonds of the City of Las
Vegas therefor, said bonds to be known as "Las Vegas 1937 Improvement District No. 3 Bonds",
and providing for the collection of the said unpaid assessments by dividing the same into
ten (10) annual installments and	placing said installments on	the tax roll of Clark	County

and collecting the same in the same manner as state and taxes	are collected by law,	and	other

matters relating thereto." The Clerk stated that the transcript of the proceedings relative
to the said bond issue had been prepared and the legality thereof approved of and that the
bonds were ready for the approval of the Board and for the official signatures of the officers
provided by law for the signing of the same.

Thereupon, upon motion of Commissioner Marble, seconded by Commissioner Perry the
following preambles and resolution were duly adopted upon the affirmative vote of Commission-
ers Down, Marble, Perry and Krause and his Honor, the Mayor; noes none, to-wit:

Whereas, under and by virtue of the terms of Ordinance No. 223 of the City of Las Vegas,
there has been prepared and now are ready for official signature and issuance twenty (20)
bonds to be known as "Las Vegas 1937 Improvement District No. 3 Bonds" as follows: ten (10)
bonds in the sum of One thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) each maturing in ten (10) equal annual
installments, the first bond being due and payable on the first day of January, 1938, and
one (1) bond in the sum of Six Hundred Fifty-four Dollars Fifty-five cents ($654.55), being
payable on the first day of January, 1938, and nine (9) bonds in the sum of Five Hundred
Dollars ($500.00) each, the first one of which being payable on the first day of January each
subsequent year thereafter until all of the said bonds are paid in full, and all of the said
bonds bearing interest at the rate of seven percent (7%) per annum, the interest being pay-
able on the first day of January of each year, and

Whereas, the said bonds being numbered from one (1) to twenty (20) consecutively and
all of which said bonds are dated January 1, 1937, and are payable at the office of the City
Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas and are made payable according to their consecutive
numbers as follows:	Bonds	Nos. 1 and 2 in	the sum of $1,000.00	and $654.55, respectively,

being payable on the	first	day of January,	1938; and Bonds Nos.	3 and 4 in the sum of $1,000.00

and $500.00, respectively, being payable on the first day of January, 1939; and Bonds Nos. 5
and 6 in the sum of $1,000.00 and $500.00, respectively, being payable on the first day of
January, 1940; and Bonds Nos. 7 and 8 in the sum of $1,000.00 and $500.00, respectively,
being payable on the	first	day of January,	1941; and Bonds Nos.	9 and 10 in the sum of

$1,000.00 and $500.00, respectively, being	payable on the first	day of January, 1942; and

Bonds Nos. 11 and 12 in the sum of $1,000.00 and $500.00, respectively, being payable on the
first day of January, 1943; and Bonds Nos. 13 and 14 in the sum of $1,000.00 and $500.00,
respectively, being payable on the first day of January, 1944; and Bonds Nos. 15 and 16 in
the Sum of $1,000.00 and $500.00, respectively, being payable on the first day of January,

1945; and Bonds Nos. 17 and 18 in the sum of $1,000.00 and $500.00, respectively, being pay-
able on the first day of January, 1946; and Bonds Nos. 19 and 20 in the sum of $1,000.00 and
$500.00, respectively, being payable on the first day of January, 1947, and

Whereas, the payment and redemption of the said bonds shall be in the order of their
issuance, the lowest bonds in serial number to be the first paid and redeemed and so on un-
til the whole amount of said bonds authorized to be issued shall have been paid and redeemed,
and

Whereas, each of the said bonds have coupons attached representing each interest install-
ment to date of maturity of the principal and both principal and interest of said bonds are
made payable in legal tender of the United States of America at the office of the City Trea-
surer of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and