Commissioner Bunker moved that this building encroachment on City property be approved
subject to the condition that the American Linen Supply Company enter into an agreement
that they will move the structure upon proper notice from the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 9:30 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at 9:45 P.M. with
all members present as of the opening session.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of the Silver State Elks by Henry J.

Moore for a transfer of their club liquor license from 504 W. Jackson to 320 W. Jackson
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Earl Turmon for transfer of the tavern
liquor license of the Town Tavern from 1314 F Street to 600 Jackson be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner moved that the gaming application of the Golden Nugget, Inc. by C. C. King
for license for 1 Big 6 Wheel at the Golden Nugget, 128 Fremont Street, for the second
quarter 1955, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the gaming application of Keith Richards for license for 2
additional slots at Sunset Liquor, 1027 South Main Street, for the second quarter 1955; be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the new gaming application of Joe's Coin Machine for 1 slot
at Thelma's Bar-B-Q, 500 Monroe Street, for the second quarter 1955; be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Earl Turmon, Town Tavern, to transfer his
gaming license for 1 "21", 1 Craps, 1 Race Horse Keno, and 1 Poker for the second quarter
of 1955 from 1314 F Street to 600 Jackson Avenue be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Ray McGowan for a cigarette license at the
Strip Drug Store, 2425 South 5th Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered approval of elected officials' bonds for E. W. Fountain,
Commissioner 3rd Class, and S. George Gilson, Municipal Judge.

Commissioner Bunker moved that these elected officials' bonds be approved and ordered
filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration of the Board was given to the final map of a resubdivision of Lot 145 of
Block 4 of Charleston Park #2.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the final map of a resubdivision of Lot 145, Block 4 of
Charleston Park #2 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the deed from Thomas T. Beam to the City, dated May 24, 1955,
for the widening of Flower Street.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried
unanimously the following resolution was adopted and order made:

6-1-55

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
Change of Location

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Additional

GAMING APPLICATION
New

GAMING APPLICATION
Change of Location

CIGARETTE APPLICATION
New

ELECTED OFFICIALS
BONDS

CHARLESTON PARK #2

Final Map

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEEDS

Flower Street
Thomas T. Beam