BIDS - Truck Body

 PROPOSED ORDINANCE
No. 321

 BIDS — Swimming Pool

WAGE SCALE FOR 1947 (Cont)	Annual Increase

Starting - Maximum       In Monthly Rate

Rating	Title	Salary	Salary    Each Employment Yr.

PUBLIC WORKS

ELECTRICAL, STREET, PARK, SEWAGE DISPOSAL & MAINTENANCE, GARBAGE DISPOSAL, DIRECTOR,

CITY ELECTRICIAN, FOREMEN AND ASST. FOREMEN, PUBLIC BUILDINGS, COVERED UNDER 

ADMINISTRATIVE AND INSPECTION.

Shovel Operator	$250.00	$275.00	$12.50

Blade Operator	$250.00	$265.00	$12.50

Broom Operator	$225.00	$250.00	$12.50

Truck Drivers	$185.00	$225.00	$20.00

Skilled Labor & Disposal Operators   $210.00	$250.00	$20.00

Laborers	$175.00	$210.00	$20.00

Mechanics	$264.00	$275.00	$11.00

Timekeepers	$225.00	$250.00	$12.50

Dump Man (Scavenger rites)	$150.00	$150.00

Lineman	$240.00	$265.00	$12.50

Lineman Helpers	$210.00	$235.00	$12.50

Lineman Apprentices	$185.00	$210.00	$12.50

Janitor	$185.00	$210.00	$12.50.

CEMETERY

Superintendent

(Quarters Furnished)	$220.00	$270.00	$25.00

Assistant	$200.00	$225.00	$25.00

Labor (Manual)	$175.00	210.00	$20.00

COURT

Court Clerk (Part Time)	$125.00		$175.00	$25.00

Steno-Typist (Part Time)	$ 80.00	$175.00	$10.00

MISC.

Janitor (Library) part time	$ 30.00	$ 50.00	$10.00

Golf Pro-Manager

(Quarters furnished)	$200.00	$250.00	$25.00

Golf Labor	$175.00	$210.00	$20.00 

NOTE:	Itinerant Labor, technical aid, building trades and scientific help

on hourly basis at prevailing scale when and if needed.

Thereafter Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing wage
scale for 1947 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and Clark.

At this time Commissioner Bates arrived.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for two truck
dump bodies and hoists, mounted on K-6 KHC trucks, 140" wheel
base.

There being only one bid from the Clark County Whse Mercantile
which was in the sum of $575.25 each; said bid from the Clark
County Whse Mercantile also provided for shortening of the wheel
base in the sum of $100.00 each.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of the Clark
County Whse. Mercantile Company of $575.25 each for the truck
bodies be approved; and the bid relating to the shortening of
the Wheel base be rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

The Committee heretofore appointed to make recommendation on 

proposed Ordinance No. 321 having reported favorably on said
ordinance entitled, ” AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION
OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO MAKE
CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY IMPROVING WITH
ASPHALT SURFACE CERTAIN GRAVELLED STREETS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS
OF SAID CITY PROVIDING THAT THE COST AND EXPENSE THEREOF SHALL
BE PAID ENTIRELY BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENT UPON ALL LOTS INCLUDED
WITHIN THE SPECIAL IMPROVEMENT DISTRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED
ACCORDING TO BENEFIT. EXCEPT WHERE BY THE CHARTER OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS CERTAIN PORTIONS THEREOF ARE REQUIRED TO BE PAID
FROM THE GENERAL FUND OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND OTHER
MATTERS RELATING THERETO,” was read to the Board for the first
time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing Ordinance
be approved on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

At this time bids were opened for the construction of two
swimming pools in the City of Las Vegas. The bid of Mr. Stanley