Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for renewal of gaming li-

censes for the second quarter of 1956 be approved:

CHARLIE'S LIQUOR STORE	Elias Atol	1511	South Main	5	slots

DIXIE WAFFLE SHOP	P.J. & John	Buckley 	24	Fremont	1	slot

ELITE MARKET	Earle W.Vause	831	South Main	3	slots

FRIENDLY LIQUOR STORE	H. Levy	6l6	W.Bonanza	6	slots

FOOD CENTER	H. Levy	770	Fremont	3	slots

GLENN VEGAS MOTEL	Herbert A.Hitchens

& WM. Stewart	2233 South 5th	3 slots

L & W CAFE	Robert & Linn

Wilson	18	Garces	3	slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for license for the retail
sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved:

AUSTIN DRUG #2	K.a. Austin	1030 Tonopah Highway

PARK MARKET	Morris Diamond	424 North 5th

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for Solicitation Permits for
charitable purposes, as approved by the Solicitations Review Board be approved:

QUARTER MIDGET RACING ASSOCIATION
LAS VEGAS LIONS CLUB

LAS VEGAS POLICE PROTECTIVE ASSOCIATION

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of A.H. Whittaker of Arts Loan & Jewelry
to move from 11 Fremont to 117 North 1st Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;noes, none.

At the hour of 8.35 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the hour
of 9.00 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed
rezoning ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 1 OF ORDINANCE NO. 559, ALSO

KNOWN AS CHAPTER 36, SECTION 4l, CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, AS AMENDED, BY
PROVIDING FOR SPEED LIMITS ON THE PUBLIC STREETS AND ALLEYS WITHIN THE CITY; TO
AMEND CHAPTER 36, SECTION 39 DEALING WITH THE RIGHT OF WAY ON PUBLIC STREETS; PRO-
VIDING FOR PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE; PROVIDING FOR OTHER MAT-
TERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES
IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, having been reported on favorably by Commissioners Fountain
and Sharp, was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 706 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes,none.

Commissioners Bunker and Fountain, committee for recommendation on the proposed
ordinance on Public Utilities Licenses, requested additional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE AMENDING CHAPTER 17 OF THE CODE OF LAS VEGAS,

NEVADA, 1949, WHICH PROVIDES FOR THE LICENSING OF BUSINESSES WITHIN THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, BY ADDING A NEW SECTION THERETO TO BE KNOWN AS SECTION 23; LIMITING THE LO-
CATION OF COIN OPERATED AMUSEMENT MACHINE; PROHIBITING PERSONS UNDER 18 FROM PLAY-
ING CERTAIN MACHINES; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; PROVIDING
PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION HEREOF, having been reported on favorably by Commis-
sioners Fountain and Whipple, was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Fountain moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 707 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE REGULATING DISTRESS MERCHANDISE SALES; DEFIN-

ING DISTRESS MERCHANDISE SALES; REQUIRING PERSONS CONDUCTING SUCH SALES TO OBTAIN A
LICENSE; PRESCRIBING PROCEDURES AND STANDARDS THEREFOR; PRESCRIBING PENALTIES FOR
THE VIOLATION THEREOF; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, having
been reported on favorably by Commissioners Bunker and Whipple, was read in full
to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 708 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners. Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO REPEAL ORDINANCE NOS. 514, 594 AND SECTION

204 OF ORDINANCE NO. 676, BY ABOLISHING THE BOARD OF APPEALS AS PROVIDED IN EACH OF
SAID ORDINANCES; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO AND REPEALING ALL
ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, having been reported on
favorably by Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, was read in full to the Board.

Renewals

CIGARETTE LICENSES

SOLICITATION PERMITS

PAWNBROKERS LICENSE
New location

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Rezoning

ORDINANCE NO. 706
Traffic

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Public Utilities

ORDINANCE NO. 707
Pinball Machines



ORDINANCE NO. 708
Going Out of
Business Sales



ORDINANCE NO. 709
Board of Appeals

