Commissioner Whipple moved that this application for a vacation of a portion of Bonneville
between 13th and 14th Streets be approved and the following order adopted:

ORDER

A Petition, dated the 29th day of October, 1954, signed by three (3) freeholders residing in
the area affected, having been filed with the Clerk of this Board, petitioning for the
vacation of certain streets and parts of streets in the Pioneer Heights Addition hereinafter
described, and said Petition having been by Order of this Board referred to the City Planning
Commission for its recommendation in the premises, and said Planning Commission having filed
its report, dated December 14, 1954, with this Board approving and recommending such vacation;

And this Board, by an Order made at its regular meeting held on the 15th day of December, 1954,
deferred action until a regular meeting held on the 5th day of January, 1955; at which time
the said Board set the 16th day of February, 1955; at the hour of 7:30 o'clock, P.M. in the
City Hall at Fifth and Stewart Streets, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as the time and
place for a public hearing on said Petition and recommendation, and ordered the City Clerk
to cause the aforesaid streets and parts of streets proposed to be vacated to be posted with
a Notice setting forth the time and place of the public hearing and the extent of the proposed
vacations;

And it appearing from the Affidavit of Charles V. Cudney and Donald H. Brockley, filed with
the Clerk of this Board, that the Notice provided for in said Order, a copy of which notice
is attached to said affidavit, was posted on the 14th day of January, 1955, in the manner
prescribed by said Order;

And the said public hearing having been continued for a report from the Traffic and Parking
Commission, and said report having been submitted approving said proposed vacation and this
being the time fixed for the hearing on said Petition for vacation and the recommendation of
the Planning Commission and Traffic and Parking Commission thereon, and this Board having
hear evidence in support of and there being no opposition to said Petition and recommendation;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of this Board that the portions of the streets proposed
to be vacated are no longer required for the public use and convenience, and that said
vacation will inure to the benefit of the City of Las Vegas, and that neither the public nor
any person will be materially injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described portions of streets and parts of streets
in the Pioneer Heights Addition to the City of Las Vegas on file in Book I of Plats, Page 35,
in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, to-wit:

Parcel - 1

Beginning at the most Northerly comer of Lot 1, Block 2 of Maryland Tract No. 1, as shown by
map thereof on file in Book 2 of Plats, page 89, in the Office of the County Recorder of
Clark County, Nevada; thence Northerly along the East line of Thirteenth Street, being a
curve to the right and having a radius of 160 feet tb a point on the South line of Block 19,
in said Pioneer Heights Addition to Las Vegas; thence South 62°02' East along the South line
of Block 19, a distance of 140 feet to a point, said point being the Southeast comer of
Lot 16, Block 19 of Pioneer Heights Addition to Las Vegas; thence South 27°59'05" West, a
distance of 40 feet to a point; thence North 62°02' West a distance of 140 feet, more or less
to the true point of beginning.

Parcel - 2

Beginning at the most Southerly comer of Lot 31 Block 19, of Pioneer Heights Addition to Las
Vegas, on file in Book 1 of Plats Page 35, in the Office of the County Recorder of Clark
County, Nevada; thence Northeasterly along the East line of Block 19 to a point on the East
line of Section 34, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B.&M; thence Southerly along the
last mentioned East line to a point 50 feet north of the Southeast comer of said Section 34,
thence South 89°39'50" West to the most Easterly comer of Parcel Eight (8) of these certain
parcels of land vacated by the City of Las Vegas by deed recorded September 3, 1953, as
Document No. 412963, in the Office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada; thence
North 62°02' West, a distance of 140 feet to a point; thence North 27°59'05" East, a distance
of 40 feet to a point, said point being the Southwest corner of Lot 31 Block 19, as shown by
map of Pioneer Heights Addition to Las Vegas; thence South 62°02' East along the South line
of Lot 31, Block 19, of Pioneer Heights Addition, a distance of 140 feet to the true point
of beginning.

be and the same are hereby vacated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time consideration was given to rezoning of the following described property, as
approved by the Planning Commission:

Pioneer Heights Addn. Block	24	Lots	31-32, From C-2 to R-4

Wardie Addition	Block	23	Lots	16-17, From C-2 to R-4

Wardie Addition	Block	22	Lots	1-5; From R-1 to R-4

Wardie Addition	Block	21	Lots	23-32, From R-1 to R-4

Maryland Tr. #2	Block	2	Lots	1-4, From C-1 to R-4

 Maryland Tract #2	Block	2	Lot 5, From C-2 to R-4

5-4-55

REZONING

Pioneer Heights
Wardie Addition