HEIDI'S HEIDELBERG
Revocation of License
Approved

City Attorney Cory advised the Commission that a beverage license had
recently been granted to Mrs. Heidi, but that Mrs. Heidi had been
absent from the country - having returned to Germany - for more than
six months, due to illness, and it was expected she would not return
to this country; that Heidi's Heidelberg had been operated under a
corporation known as Heidi's Heidelberg, Inc., which has a lease
obtained from Mr. Elmo Bruner; that Mrs. Heidi has authorized Mr.

Bruner to vote any and all of her shares in the corporation in any
manner he sees fit and Mr. Bruner has requested that the beverage
license previously issued be cancelled, in view of the fact that the
lease has been terminated and the property leased to new lessees.

Mr. Cory stated it would be impossible for the new lessees to obtain
a beverage license until the previous license is rescinded.

Attorney Tom Bell, representing the new lessees, Valerie Balbo and
Walter Todd, addressed the Commission, stating the present licensees
were operating under the name of Village Inn and were anxious to
obtain a beverage license, in order to permit them to serve beverages
with their food. Mr. Bell stated Miss Barbo had been a liquor
licensee in the County, but surrendered her license on January 1st
when she took over the lease on Heidi's Heidelberg (now Village Inn);
that, because Mrs. Heidi was out of the country and there was no one
to surrender Mrs. Heidi's license, it was inpossible for Miss Barbo
to apply for a beverage license and, as a result, the Village Inn
opened last Monday without a beverage license. He stated his clients
merely desired a beer and wine license and, in view of the fact Miss
Barbo had been previously licensed, he would like to make a special
request of the Commission that a beverage license be issued at this
time, at least to Miss Barbo.

In reply to Commissioner Fountain's inquiry, Miss Barbo informed the
Commission she had held a liquor license from August, 1958 to
December, 1959, at Food by Frank Musso, which was next to the Sands
Hotel.

Commissioner Elwell moved the beverage license formerly granted to
Mrs. Heidi be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved that a beer and wine license be issued to
Miss Barbo, subject to Police investigation and a favorable police
report.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

City Attorney Cory stated Miss Barbo would not be able to use the
license until the receipt of a favorable police report, as required
by the Ordinance.

Police Chief Sheffer stated, inasmuch as Miss Barbo previously held
a license, it would take only a few days to clear her. It was his
suggestion that the license application be amended so it would be
made in the name of Miss Barbo only; then, pending investigation of
Mr. Todd and receipt of a favorable police report on Mr. Todd, the
application could be amended to include his name.

A proposed Ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND EMERGENCY

ORDINANCE NO. 468 ADOPTING THE CIVIL SERVICE RULES AND REGULATIONS
OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, BY PERMITTING EMPLOYEES HOLDING
CIVIL SERVICE STATUS TO BE GRANTED LEAVE TO ACCEPT AN APPOINTIVE
POSITION WITHIN THE CITY AND TO RETAIN CIVIL SERVICE STATUS; PROVIDING
OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES
OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH was read by title by
City Attorney Cory.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, referred this to a Committee for recommendation,
consisting of himself and Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following salary increases for February
1, 1960, as approved by the Board of Civil Service Trustees, be
approved:

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Amending Civil Service Rules
Referred to Committee

SALARY INCREASES
February 1, 1960
Approved

Name

Moran, John T.

Dunn, Richard J.
Foremaster, John R.
Hamilton, Doyle
Kim, Frank
Barbour, Jack R.
Munyon, Leonard
Regland, William T.
Daly, Andrew W.
Wall, Elmer S.
Gillins, Elden W.

Dept.

Police - Lt.

-	Sergeant

"	"

"	"

"	"

-	Patrolman

"	"

"	"

"	"

Step	Sched.    Dollars

2-3-60