STRIP DRUG STORE	Carlson & McGowan	2425 So. 5th	6	slots

STRIP LIQUOR STORE	Blaine Beckwith	2417 So. 5th	7	slots

SUNDOWN LIQUORS	C. H. Murray	218 No. Main	2	slots

SUNSET LIQUOR STORE	Keith S. Richards	1027 So. Main	1	slot

TOWN TAVERN	Tem Rolofson	600	Jackson	20 slots

THRIFTY MARKET	Mark J. Klein	1054 So. Main	3	slots

TOWN BARBECUE	Ann T. Bunnell	506 Fremont	3	slots

TOWN TAVERN	Earl Turmon	600 Jackson	1	KH Keno

2 "21"

1	Craps

2	Poker

TWIN LAKES LODGE	Lloyd L. St.	John	Tonopah Highway	3	slots

TWIN LAKES LODGE	P.J.	& John Buckley	Tonopah Highway	1	slot

VEGAS VACATIONERS BUREAU	Glenn Sales	20$	Fremont	3 slots

THE WESTERNER	H. O. Pepple	23 Fremont	135 slots

2 Craps

1	Roulette

2	"21"

1 Keno

WESTERN LIQUOR STORE	M. C. Britton	6 E. Charleston	5	slots

WESTSIDE SHOPPING CENTER	E.E. & Helen Baker	1315 No. "D"	3	slots

WHITE BUNNY ICE CREAM	Clyde E. Wilson	517 So. 5th	4	slots

WHITE CROSS DRUG #1	By:	Aurelia	Scheer	201 Fremont	4	slots

WHITE CROSS DRUG #2	By:	Aurelia	Scheer	1700 So. 5th	6	slots

WITTWER'S CAFE	Ray Knearl	720	No. Main	4 slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain,	Sharp, Whipple	and His Honor	voting	aye;	noes,	none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the	application of	Fred Soly for	license for	two additional

slot machines at the Monte Carlo Club, 15 Fremont for the third quarter of 1955 be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of L. B. Scherer, Joe and Vic Hall, Frank
Eddes and B. Van der Steen and the additional partner Robert Van Santen for license
for 87 slot machines for the Nevada Club, 109 Fremont, for the fourth quarter of 1955
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain,	Sharp, Whipple	and His Honor	voting	aye;	noes,	none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the	application of	Harry Tabak, Thrifty	Drug	Store	Co., Inc.,

317 Fremont, for license for 10 slot machines for the fourth quarter of 1955;
deleting the name of T. A. Blasius from the license, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Larry Prestininzi for a restaurant
beverage liquor license for Prestini's Famous Foods, 8l2 W. Bonanza for the fourth
quarter of 1955 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Albert Schouten for a retail beverage
license for Al's Market, 404 South 2nd Street, formerly issued to Eldon A. Jones,
Eddie's Market, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Ray Knearl for a restaurant beverage
license for Wittwer's Cafe, 720 North Main Street, formerly issued to Dan Mesheske,
for the fourth quarter of 1955 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Alfred Ripps for a gaming license for
13 slot machines, a retail liquor miniature license and cigarette and general
business license at Mike's Liquor Store, 106 Fremont for the fourth quarter of 1955
be approved subject to the following condition:

These licenses are issued to and pursuant to the order of the Court

in the Writ of Preliminary Injunction and are issued under protest thereof.

The licenses will be revoked promptly upon the dissolving of said injunction.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Board considered the information furnished by Jack Gilson requesting reinstate-
ment of his liquor license for the Swinging Door Saloon. Letters had been filed by
Mr. Gilson showing his intent to keep his brother Irving Gelsin off the premises and
a letter from Irving Gelsin indicating that he would not go into the saloon.

Additional
Change of Owners

Deletion of
Partner

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
New 

Change of Owner

LIQUOR, GAMING &
BUSINESS LICENSES
Mike's Liquor Store

LIQUOR LICENSE
REINSTATEMENT
Swinging Door Saloon