CIVIL SERVICE RULES	Commissioner Bunker moved the Clerk be authorized to give the proper

& REGULATIONS	notice that three copies of the Civil Service Rules and Regulations are

	on file for inspection by the Public in her office; said notice to be

published every day for one week.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

BID - Connection of	At this time City Manager C. W. Shelley presented the following two bids

Library to Sewer	for the connection of the new City Library to the Sewer. Mr. Shelley

stated that these were the only two bids that had been received, even
	though other invitations had been sent out. Bids were received from the

following firms:

VOWELL & HITCHCOCK	$2995.00

NEVADA CONSTRUCTION	3211.00

Commissioner Bunker moved the low bid of Vowell and Hitchcock in the amount
of $2995.00 be accepted subject to the proper bond being posted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Peccole moved the following applications for gaming licenses

for the third quarter of 1951 be approved, subject to the new applicants
being investigated by the Police Department:

New	49ER CLOS	E. Amante & J. S. Pappas	109 Fremont	1 "21"

CINNABAR	J. Fare & R. Testolin	122	North 2nd	1	"21"

KOST'S	R. J. Kost	1000	So. Main	1	Slot

New Location	THE SPOT	Cardinal & Sullivan	1000 So. Main	2	Slots

Additionals	COTTON CLUB	Sam Taylor	500	Jackson	2	Slots

FRONTIER	CLUB	By:	C. L.	Fleming	117	Fremont	3	chutes

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

GAMING LICENSE	Commissioner Peccole moved the resolution just broken be reinstated on the

LIMITATION	limitation of gaming licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Bunker moved the following new applications for liquor licenses

	for the third quarter of 1951 be denied:

New	NEW VEGAS BAR        Mirabelli & Ruggeroli	123 South 2nd	Tavern

49ER CLUB	Ernest Amante-J.S. Pappas               109 Fremont	Tavern

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

PLUMBING PERMIT	At this time Mr. Paul Zugg appeared before the Board, stating that the

Plumbing inspector would not issue a permit to him for the plumbing work
he intended to do in his proposed residence. Discussion followed.

Commissioner Peccole moved the Plumbing Department be instructed to issue
a permit to Mr. Paul Zugg.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

TAXICAB RATES	At this time a letter from the Las Vegas Taxi Cab Association was presented

to the Board for their consideration.

Commissioner Peccole moved this matter be held in abeyance until September 5,
1951.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

ASSESSMENT DIST.	The	City Attorney indicated that an ordinance had been prepared to effectuate

No. 100-6	the provisions of Emergency Ordinance No, 464, passed, adopted, and approved

ORDINANCE NO. 465	the 18th day of July, 1951, and gave such to the members of the Board.

Commissioner Peccole thereupon introduced and moved the adoption of the
following emergency ordinance, which was thereupon read in full, and at
length, and is as follows: