Las Vegas, Nevada

April 26, 1956

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board, of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held, this 26th day of April, 1956 was called, to order at the hour of 4.30 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D.Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W.Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W.Cannon

Also present from the Child Welfare Board:

Jack Pursel
Thalia Dondero
Father Carmody
Fern Kozloff
Jean Boman
Annabelle Plunkett

Mayor Baker turned over the meeting to the chairman of the Child Welfare Board,

Jack Pursel.

Mr. Pursel stated that the members of the Board were having difficulty meeting their
obligation since they are members not only of this Board, but of the Juvenile Con-
ference Committee. He explained that both boards required a great deal of time, and
requested that they be relieved of the burden.

Mrs. Boman stated that her telephone rings constantly requesting information, inspec-
tions and locations to place their children. She said that she receives these calls
at more inopportune times and naturally the individual is most concerned,wishing
attention immediately.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy stated that the City intends to put out a procedure schedule
for the applicant to follow which gives the step by step route of an application.

He also recommended that a time limit of approximately 20 days that the application
must be in before operation commences, be adopted.

Mrs. Boman pointed out that the existing places need constant inspection which the
Board is unable to furnish.

Mayor Baker stated that a schedule would be set up and the Commission would amend the
ordinance to fit the needs.

Mrs. Boman suggested that a part time City employee be hired to make the inspections
along with a member of the Welfare Board. She also stated that this individual could
take the applications and process them.

City Manager Kennedy stated that the new Department of Public Information could han-
dle this when it is set up.

Mrs. Boman also suggested that a fee be charged for permits for those who do not pay
a license fee. She also thought that the license fee for the commercial nursery was
too low.

Mr. Kennedy reported that this was being checked by the License Department at the
present time.

Mr. Pursel, indicated that the Child Welfare Board would like to resign, but would
be willing to stay until a new Board has been indoctrinated.

Mrs. Boman further suggested that the inspections of these nurseries along with a
City Employee be turned over to the Service League. She said that they were willing
to take this as a project, but were not interested if the City does not hire someone
to do a portion of the work.

The Commission agreed that the suggestions were good and that the ordinance should be
amended. A meeting of the committee on the proposed amendment to the ordinance with
the Child Welfare Board was scheduled for Tuesday, May 1, 1956 at 4.00 P.M.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 529 PROVIDING RULES AND

REGULATIONS FOR NURSERY AND CHILD CARE FACILITIES WITHIN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS AND
ORDINANCE NO. 503 PROVIDING FOR THE LICENSING OF SAID NURSERIES AND CHILD CARE FA-
CILITIES; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH,
was read by title and referred to Commissioners Fountain and Sharp for recommenda-
tion.

At this time a resolution on the Meadow Valley Wash dam project was introduced.
Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, there have been many damaging floods of varying intensities in Meadow
Valley from 1906 to within the last few years, amounting to a total damage to prop-
erty in Clark and Lincoln Counties during those years of approximately $7,500,000;
and

CHILD WELFARE BOARD

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
CHILD WELFARE

RESOLUTION -
Meadow Valley Wash