9.	An employee who is absent for over three months must begin a new
employment year upon return to work and regulations for First employment
year shall apply. (See paragraphs 2 and 6 above.)

10.	An employee who is absent seven days or more due to injury while in line
of duty shall make application to the industrial commission for industrial
compensation. In addition to the amount received as industrial compensation
the injured party shall receive from the City of Las Vegas the difference
between the amount received from the Industrial Commission as compensation
and his regular monthly salary, provided, however, that the City will only
supplement the amount received from the Industrial Commission for a period

of one month from the date of injury after which time the injured employee  
must look solely to the Industrial Commission for any compensation received 
for his injury or injuries.

STATE OF NEVADA
CITY OF LAS VEGAS

TO:	The City Manager

Las Vegas, Nevada	________________________19

(date)	 

I hereby make application for___________________leave for the period

(Annual--Sick—Without Pay)

_______________, 19___, to _________________, 19__, inclusive, a total of____

(working)

(straight) days; these days to be applied on my leave for the employment

year ___________________________.

(show dates)

Explanation of leave_____________________________________ 

(I will return to duty at ________o'clock

on ___________________, 19_____)	(SIGNED) _____________________

(Signature of Employee)

(For the Office of the City Clerk)

Applicant’s Previous Annual Leave . . ______Days	Recommended________________ 

(Dept. Head)  

Applicant’s Previous Sick Leave . . . ______Days	 

Approved___________, 19___

Applicant’s Previous W.O.P. Leave . . ______Days

(City Manager)

Correct:	_________________

(Record Clerk)

DRY SLUDGE CONTRACT	 	Commissioner	Bates	moved that the City enter into a contract with

 	R. B. Griffith for	the sale of 50 tons of sludge from the disposal	plant

at $2.00 per ton, fob plant, sludge to be removed within a period of 90
days from date of contract. Further, that the Mayor and City Clerk be
authorized to sign said contract covering same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

POLICE DEPARTMENT	 	Commissioner	Clark	moved that the City Manager be authorized to hire	a

COURT CLERK HIRED	court clerk,	part-time, at $100.00 a month.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;  
noes none.

 

WET GARBAGE BID	Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of W. T. Stewart for the purchase

W, T. STEWART	of wet garbage from the City of Las Vegas for $125.00 per month be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;  
noes none.

ALLEY IMPROVEMENTS     Commissioner Clark moved to approve a plan as set up by the City Manager

for improvement of the alleys with the understanding that it will be at
no expense to the City; said improvements to be made at the request and
expense of the abutting property owners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.

USO BATH HOUSE	   Commissioner Bates moved that the claim of the Central Labor Council of

$135.00 for expenses on USO Bath house in Westside be approved when the
bill is presented and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.