A. A. GARAGE	1501 South Main	B.	D.	Walsh

A. A. ACE TOWING	1238 South Main	B.	D.	Walsh

RANDLES AUTO BODY	7l6 North Main	B.	D.	Walsh

ED FERRIS GARAGE	7lS North Main	B.	D.	Walsh

NORD'S AUTO SERVICE	1321 South Main	B.	D.	Walsh

VEGAS VILLAGE SUPER MARKET 1500 North 5th	Wollenzien & Wendelboe

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Sharp, Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At the hour of 9:05 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour of 9:25 P.M.
with all members present as of the opening session.

Commissioner Bunker moved the minutes of October 5, 1955 be approved by reference and
the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Sharp passed his vote. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for renewal of gaming license
for the fourth quarter of 1955 be approved in the same form and condition as last
quarter:

HUNTRIDGE DRUG STORE	W.L. Holst	Jr.	1310 E. Charleston	6	slots

HUNTRIDGE LIQUOR STORE	W.L. Holst	Jr.	1320 E. Charleston	8	slots

L & W CAFE	Robert & Linn Wilson 		 18 Garces	3	slots

SAVOY CAFE	D. T. Shea	624 South 5th	3	slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Fountain, Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Vegas Enterprises for a license at the Sun
Drug Store, 808 W. Bonanza for license for 2 slot machines for the fourth quarter of
1955; being a new location, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commission-

ers Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for additional gaming license for
the fourth quarter of 1955 be approved:

NEVADA CLUB	By: R. Van Santen	113 Fremont	29 slots

MARKET TOWN	By: Merv. Adel son	22 E. Oakey	4 slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commission-

ers Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Commission considered the application of Gerald Jenson for a Restaurant Beverage
liquor license for the Bonanza Cafe, 4l0 West Bonanza, previously issued to Donald
Laughlin doing business as Laughlin's Cafe at the same location.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Gerald Jenson for a Restaurant Beverage
license for the Bonanza Cafe at 4l0 West Bonanza be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commission-

ers Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time the Board considered the application of William Mull for a Retail Bever-
age license at the Baby Beef Market, 926 North Main Street, previously issued to
William C. Murdock.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of William Mull for a Retail Beverage license
at the Baby Beef Market, 926 North Main Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commission-

ers Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed amend-
ment to the Liquor Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Bunker and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed ordinance
on Collection Agencies requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Sharp and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed ordinance
to adopt the 1955 Building Code reported favorably at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Clerk be authorized to publish notice that this Code is on
file and the proposed ordinance ready for adoption.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commission-

ers Fountain, Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

MINUTES

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Renewals

GAMING APPLICATION
New Location

GAMING APPLICATIONS
ADDITIONALS

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
Change of Owner

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Liquor Amendment

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Collection Agencies

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Building Code