LIQUOR LICENSE	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Q. B. Bush for a Special Events

Special Events	Liquor License on November 20, 1959, at the Forward Corporation, 1526 N. Main,

he approved on the basis of favorable police report.

Forward Corp.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:

Approved	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson

voting aye; noes, none.

CIGARETTE LICENSES	Commissioner Elwell moved the following applications for Cigarette Licenses

Additional	for additional locations he approved and the Supervisor of License and

Locations	Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

Approved	YVETTE PANCAKE HOUSE	2010 L.V. Blvd. S.	Sutton Vending Service

MILKY WAY CAFE	1212	S.	Main	Sutton Vending	Service

FRY'S RICHFIELD SERVICE	5th & Fremont	Sutton Vending	Service

MEEK'S FLYING "A" SERVICE                 1401 E. Charleston	Sutton Vending Service

CHIAVERINI'S SAUSAGE SHOP	1221	S.	Main	Ralph T. Warne	Vending

PETLLINI'S WESTERN STATES	1531	S.	Main	Ralph T. Warne	Vending

DISTRIBUTORS

LINCOLN BARBER & BEAUTY                1506 L.V. Blvd. S.	Ralph T. Warne Vending

SHOP

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

-0O0-

At the hour of 7:55 P.M. this meeting was recessed and reconvened at the hour
of 8:35 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

-0O0-

A. H. KENNEDY,	Commissioner Sharp stated that because of the unfavorable publicity that had

CITY MANAGER	been, aired in the newspapers in regard to the City Manager he moved the following

resolution be adopted and order made:

Resolution

Adopted	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, this Commission has received from the City Manager his statement
that his health is such that it will not impair nor restrict his duties as
City Manager of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, a great deal of publicity has been generated over this matter,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners at a
regular meeting held this 18th day of November, 1959, that the Commission
unanimously extends its appreciation to A. H. Kennedy, City Manager, and
offers to him, insofar as his health permits, its full and complete confidence
in the said position in the future.

ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor

ATTEST:

MARJORIE HOLTSCHLAG, City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; His Honor Mayor
Gragson addressed the Commission and members of the audience, stating his vote
was "No" for the reason that in the last few days there had been very unfavorable
 publicity about himself and it had generated from, definitely not his
friends, but from his opposition, and until he could find out from whom and
from where this adverse publicity came, he was not in a position to vote "aye."

VACATION VAC-8-59	The Commission considered the petition of L. E. Clark, Sal Sagev Hotel, Inc.,

Alley; Block  #3	Katie and Lewis Abrahams and J. M. Miller, for the vacation of property

Church Addition	generally described as the entire alley running through Block #3, Church Addition,

a presently unimproved alley which deadends without egress at the end of this
Approved	subdivision, with no utilities located in this property.

Public Hearing

January 6, 1960	Commissioner Sharp moved the petition of L. E. Clark, et al., for the vacation

of property generally described as the entire alley running through Block #3;
Church Addition, be approved as recommended by the Planning Commission and
public hearing be set for 7:30 P.M., January 6, 1960, in the Council Chambers
of the City Hall.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

WASHINGTON ADDITION	Commissioner Sharp moved the tentative map for Washington Addition, located

Tentative Map	east of 25th Street and north and south of Washington Avenue, submitted by the

Home Investment Company of Long Beach, be approved as recommended by the
Approved	Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

11-18-59