CLARK COUNTY WHOLESALE -
CLAIM

WOODLAWN CEMETERY

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the claim of Clark County
Wholesale in the sum of $578.10 for repair of garbage
truck, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the recommendations of
the Cemetery Board re-establishing prices of lots in
Woodlawn Cemetery be approved. Further that the Clerk
be directed to copy the minutes of the Cemetery Board
of their meeting of January 18, 1945 into the regular
City Commissioners minutes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MINUTES OF MEETING OF LAS VEGAS CEMETERY BOARD,

January 18, 1945:

Meeting was called at the home of Henry Deadrich,

711 South Sixth Street, at 7:15 P. M. Members present:
Henry Deadrich, Reverend A. C. Melton, and Howard
Hoover. Others present:	Harold Laird, Deputy City

Clerk.

After discussing questionnaires received from several
cities concerning cemetery lot prices, motion was made
by Reverend A. C. Melton, proposing prices of lots in
Woodlawn Cemetery as follows, subject to approval of
the City Council.

All lots in blocks U and V at $80.00 each; all blocks
W and T at $65.00 each; blocks S and 0 at $40.00 each;
blocks P and Q, at $65.00 each; block R at $40.00 each;
in addition all lots sold from this date in block F at
$65.00 each; block D1 at $60.00 each; infant lots,
blocks 3 and C at $15.00 each.

Motion was seconded by Howard Hoover and carried.
Hoover, Melton and Deadrich voting aye.

Meeting was adjourned at 9:15 P. M.

Respectfully submitted,

/s/ Henry S. Deadrich_________

Henry Deadrich, Chairman

BUDGET - 1945	The following City Budget was presented to the Board

for their consideration:

Page 1

CITY BUDGET

Budget of the city of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1945
Information required:

Assessed Valuation—	Actual	Estimated

1944	1945

Real Estate and Improvements.........$	9,702,145.50	$	9,900,000.00

Personal Property (County tax roll

plus Assessor's collections)......	1,755,767.00	$	1,827,421.00

Net Proceeds of mines...............

Total taxable property...............$	11,457,9l2.50	$	11,727,421.00

Actual tax rate 1944-.....................$	1.50

Total city taxes levied, 1944.............$	171,868.69

A.	Unencumbered balance in City Treasury on Janu-

ary 1, 1945........................................$	105,687.98

B. Revenues from taxes already levied, estimated...........$	100,729.20