ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-25
Construction Bid
Awarded

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

LAS VEGAS SQUARE
Subdivision
Agreement

ZONING QUESTION
Owens Avenue

SOLICITOR'S LICENSE
Reduced

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Specialty Plumbing
Licenses

SECONDHAND DEALER

PUBLIC HEARING
Use Permit
Rancho Drive Realty

FEUZ-PAGE	2590.60

GENERAL BUILDERS	2474.17

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Engineer for
computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple

City Engineer George E. Wade recommended that the bid of the Nevada Electric on
Assessment District No. 100-25 in the total amount of $41,586.72 be accepted.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Engineer be accepted
and that the bid of the Nevada Electric in the total amount of $41,586.72 be accepted
subject to securing information as to the City's responsibility in awarding this
contract if the State Highway Department does not go ahead with the proposed widening.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 135 to 136 in the total
amount of $7,922.47 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple.

Discussion was held on the requirements for Las Vegas Square. Mr. Wade explained that
this subdivision had been approved by the county in 1929 when it was a portion of the
County, and that the lots were only 25 feet wide by 100 feet deep. He requested
information as to the wish to the Commission on the requirements for installation of
improvements in this tract.

Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple were appointed to meet with the City Engineer and
Subdivider on this matter and report to the Board.

Mr. Shaunney Stewart of the Planning Commission discussed the problem of zoning in
the Myers-Thornton area on West Owens Avenue. Mr. Stewart advised the Commission
that there were two gas companies and a trailer park in this area, which was not in
compliance with the zone. He further stated that the Gas Company wished to build a
warehouse and could not do so because of the zone.

Discussion followed and the Planning Commission was requested to hold a special
meeting on this matter and make their recommendation at the regular meeting of the
Commission on October 6, 1954.

The request of the following people for reduction of the solicitors license in order
that they may solicity for the sale of the American Peoples Encyclopedia, was
considered at this time:

Robert Gene Poage
Harold J. Sullivan
William Harry Brown
John O'Neil

Commissioner Jarrett moved these licenses be reduced to $5.00 per quarter and upon
renewal that the licenses be based on the gross monthly sales.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple.

An Ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND THE UNIFORM PLUMBING CODE AS ADOPTED BY

ORDINANCE NO. 520, BY PROVIDING REQUIREMENTS FOR THE INSTALLATION OF RENTAL WATER
SOFTENING EQUIPMENT; PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS; PROVIDING FOR EXAMINATION
OF PERSONS ENGAGED IN THE INSTALLATION OF RENTAL WATER SOFTENING EQUIPMENT; PROVIDING
OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF
ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH, was read by title and referred to Commissioners
Bunker and Sharp for recommendation.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Myron Riskin for a second hand dealers
license be held until next meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple.

At this time Commissioner Whipple arrived at the meeting.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing appealing the granting of a
Use Permit to the Rancho Drive Realty to construct a shopping center on Block 3, El
Centro Addition, Tract No. 2, His Honor asked for the spokesman for those persons
protesting this center.

The following people objected to the granting of this permit:

Bill Barnes	2014	Santa	Clara

A.	J. Schur
Mr. Peterson
Mrs. Blank

Mr. Pollhurt	2011	Santa	Clara

John Newman	2020	Santa	Clara

N. Austin	1925	Santa	Clara

9-29-54