Voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker. Moore. Peccole, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragin____________

Voting "Nay":	None.	_____________________________ 

Absent:	None	_______________________________________________ __________

APPROVED;

________s/ E.W. Cragin____________________________

Mayor

Attest:

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

By s/ Betty Funston_________________________

Chief Deputy City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,)

COUNTY OF CLARK )	

Carl Woodbury	. being first duly sworn,deposes and says: That he is Auditor of the LAS VEGAS

EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper
for a period of 2 insertions from February 15. 1951 to February 22. 1951 inclusive, being the issues of said
newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:	February 15. 22. That said newspaper was regularly issued and

circulated on each of the dates above named,

s/ Carl Woodbury

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23rd day of February, 1951.

___________s/ Neola Gierhart_________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires April 4, 1951.

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 452

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE RATIFYING, APPROVING AND CONFIRMING ACTION DIRECTED TOWARD THE MAKING OF CERTAIN
PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS BY INSTALLING A SANITARY SEWER ALONG CERTAIN STREETS, EASEMENTS, ALLEYS AND PORTIONS
THEREOF, THE CREATION OF SANITARY SEWER IMPROVEMENT ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 200-1, AND THE ISSUANCE OF IM-
PROVEMENT BONDS; PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF SAID BONDS; PRESCRIBING DETAILS IN CONNECTION THEREWITH AND
OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO; AND DECLARING AN EMERGENCY.

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark and State
of Nevada, on the 28th day of February. 1951, did publicly sell its Assessment District No. 200-1, Sanitary
Sewer Improvement Bonds, Series of January 1, 1951, in the aggregate principal amount of $25,714.47 in
accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada, and City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, said Board desires to authorize and direct the issuance of said bonds.

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That all action, proceedings matters and things (not inconsistent with the provisions
of this ordinance) heretofore taken, had and done by the City of Las Vegas and the officers of said City
concerning the making of certain public improvements by installing a sanitary sewer along certain streets,
easements, alleys and portions thereof, in Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-1 in said
City, the creation of said District within and for said City, the levying and perfecting of special assess-
ments to meet the cost and expense thereof, and the issuance of its Assessment District No. 200-1 Sanitary
Sewer Improvement Bonds, Series of January 1, 1951, for that purpose, be and the same is hereby, ratified,
approved and confirmed, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the confirmation,
adoption, and approval of the assessment roll for said District, and the public sale of said bonds to Han-
naford & Talbot and Boettcher and Company and its associates.

Section 2. That for the purpose of defraying the entire cost and expense of making said improve-
ments, except to the extent funds are available therefore from that part of said assessments which have
been heretofore paid; there be issued in the name of the City of Las Vegas special assessment negotiable
coupon bonds designated "Assessment District No. 200-1 Sanitary Sewer Improvement Bonds, Series of January
1, 1951," in the aggregate principal amount of $25,714.47,consisting of thirty bonds numbered consecutively
from 1 to 30, both inclusive, which bonds shall bear date as of the 1st day of January, 1951, shall be in
the denomination of $1,000.00 and $600.00 each, except bond numbered one which shall be in the denomination
of $314.47, bearing interest at the rate of Three and forty-five one hundredths per centum (3.45%) per
annum until paid in full, payable annually on the 1st day of January in each year, as evidenced by interest
coupons attached to said bonds, three per centum (3%) per annum of said interest being payable by coupons
designated "A" coupons and forty-five one hundredths per centum (0.45%) per annum of said interest being
payable by coupons designated "B" coupons. Said bonds shall be numbered, shall be in the denomination of,
and shall mature serially in regular numerical order on the first day of January in each of the years
indicated as follows:

Bond Numbers	Bond	Amount	Maturity

(All Inclusive)	Denomination	Maturing	Date

1	$ 314.47	$2,314.47	1952

2	1,000.00	1952

3	1,000.00	1952

4	600.00	2,600.00	1953

5	1,000.00	1953

6	1,000.00	1953

7	600.00	2,600.00	1954

8	1,000.00	1954

9	1,000.00	1954

10	600.00	2,600.00	1955

11	1,000.00	1955