This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 57.5 for a Deep Well Turbine Pump for
the Police Rehabilitation Farm, bids were received from the following firms:

EFFINGER BROTHERS	$2,987.03

S.	R.. MCKINNEY	2,156.25

PHELPS PUMP & EQUIPMENT	2,182.51

ALLEN & FAILING	2,341.37

WHITEY'S PLUMBING	2,267.53

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of Public Works
for computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the request of Standard Wholesale to assign the responsibility
of the off-site improvements to Union Oil in connection with the use permit granted to
construct a service station on the south side of Bonanza Road east of the Standard Whole-
sale Supply at 855 West Bonanza Road.

Commissioner Fountain moved this matter be deferred until next meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Walter Doing for license for 3 slot machines
at the Chili Hut, 1608 Fremont Street be approved and the Supervisor of License and
Revenue authorized to issue a license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of John Randrup and Lloyd Thornton for a license
for 7 slot machines at the El Rio Club, H & Revere, be approved and the Supervisor of
License and Revenue authorized to issue a license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and Carried by the following voter Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Clayton Mar, Frank Kee & George Song
for license for 2 "21" games and 1 Race Horse Keno at the El Rio Club, H & Revere be
approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue a license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioners Bunker and Sharp.

Commissioner Sharp moved the addition of Morris J. Ring who has 1% interest in the
Fremont Hotel, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the addition of the following new interest holders in the New
Boulder Club gaming license be approved:

Louis Hinman	Bert H. Cotton

Joseph Tortomas	Harry Brown

Tory Gampagna	Ed Sylvis

Grant Price	Paul Walker

A. J. Mendenhall	Leo Moriarty

Marit Mendenhall

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of John Funk and Albert Doering for license for
3 slot machines at Duffy's Tavern, 1815 South 5th Street be approved, and the Supervisor
of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of John Randrup for a tavern liquor license
at the El Rio Club, H & Revere Streets be approved and the Supervisor of License and
Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Don Filipo for a restaurant beverage license
at the Monte Carlo Coffee Shop, 1600 South Main Street be approved and the Supervisor of
License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Ronald Marks for a second hand dealers
license at the Provident Diamond Co., 407 Fremont Street be approved, and the Supervisor
of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 57.5
Deep Well Turbine
Pump

Rehabilitation Farm

OFF-SITE AGREEMENT
Standard Wholesale

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Chili Hut

El Rio Club

El Rio Club

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Fremont Hotel

New Boulder Club
Duffy's Tavern



LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
El Rio Club

Monte Carlo Coffee
Shop

SECONDHAND DEALERS
LICENSE