Commissioner Sharp moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 709 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed ordi-
nance amending the Warm Air Heating Code requested additional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 36, SECTION 116, CODE OF LAS

VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, AS LAST AMENDED BY ORDINANCE NO. 583, BE ESTABLISHING A PARKING
METER ZONE WITHIN THE CITY; PROVIDING METHODS OF DETERMINING WHERE PARKING METERS
SHALL BE PLACED WITHIN SAID PARKING METER ZONE; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY
RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
THEREWITH, having been reported on favorably by Commissioners Sharp and Whipple,
was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 710 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE AMENDING ORDINANCE NO. 688 DEALING WITH THE

SALE OF INTOXICATING LIQUORS BY LIMITING THE GRANTING OF IMPORTERS LICENSES AND
PROVIDING FEES THEREFOR AND PLACING RESTRICTIONS ON THE TYPES OF SALES IN GROCERIES
AND DRUG STORES; PROVIDING FOR OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING
ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, was read by title and
referred to Commissioners Fountain and Whipple for recommendation.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy requested approval of payment of $4500.00 to Wells Cargo
for street patching. Mr. Kennedy explained that the City has received the money
for this work.

Commissioner Whipple moved that payment of $4500.00 to Wells Cargo for street
patching be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission he has received a letter from Harry H.
Whitely, architect for the proposed improvements to the Police Department, stating
that the final plans and specifications will be submitted by May 6, 1956, and re-
questing payment of $2,520.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved that payment of $2,520.00 to Harry H. Whitely be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the Fire Department had secured
bids from three firms for the furnishing of office equipment, beds and furnishings
for the new Fire Station, and requested permission to accept the lowest bids on
these items.

Commissioner Sharp moved that authorization be granted to accept the lowest bids on
equipment for the new Fire Station.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the Library cards had been checked
and it was found that there are approximately 2200 people who are using the facili-
ties that are not residents of the City of Las Vegas. He requested permission to
write the North Las Vegas City Commission and Board of County Commissioners to re-
quest contribution to the Library. Permission was granted.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following appointments be made to the Board of Plumber
Examiners:

James Louden
T.H. McMahon
Ivan Curtis
Les Remy
Les Tabor
Stanley Isom

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy advised the Commission that James Corey's term on the Golf
Board has expired and Mr. Corey does not wish to be reappointed.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Elmer Gates be appointed to the Golf Board for a period
of 5 years.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution requesting a hearing by the Public
Service Commission on the Telephone service be adopted, and a copy sent to Governor
Russell:

RESOLUTION

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Warm Air Heating
Code

ORDINANCE NO. 710
Parking Meter Zones

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Liquor

STREET PATCHING

POLICE DEPARTMENT
IMPROVEMENT
Payment to Architect

FIRE DEPARTMENT
Equipment

CITY LIBRARY

BOARD OF PLUMBER
EXAMINERS
Appointments

GOLF BOARD
Appointment

RESOLUTION
Telephone Service