Commissioner Fountain moved the claim of Marie Forgues for damages
resulting from a fall on the street at the corner of 3rd and Fremont
Street in the amount of $867.25 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the claim of Easter C. Rundell for damages
resulting from a fall on the sidewalk in front of 508 Fremont in the
amount of $25.00 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the claim of Daniel Petrie for damages re-
sulting from a fall on a bush in front of 1708 Elm Street in the amount
of $50.00 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the claim of Amanda Euge for damages result-
ing from a fall on the sidewalk on the north side of Ogden between 3rd
and 4th Streets in the amount of $30.50 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the claim of Mabel R. Garry for damages re-
sulting from a fall on the sidewalk on the northeast corner of 1st and
Fremont in the amount of $1,500.00 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the claim of Loretta Anderson for damages
resulting from a fall on the sidewalk in front of the Boulder Club at
118 Fremont in the amount of $331.75 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Consideration was given to the application of V. T. Hobbs for 30% in-
terest in the Race Horse Book license at the Derby Turf, 113 South 1st
Street. City Manager Kennedy reported that investigation of this appli-
cant had been made by the Police Department and it was their recommenda-
tion that the application be granted. Mr. Kennedy explained that pre-
viously an unfavorable report had been given on this applicant due to
the fact that Mr. Hobbs had requested that the Police Department make
an immediate recommendation, and there was insufficient time for a com-
plete investigation.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the application of V. T. Hobbs for
30% interest in the Derby Turf Race Horse Book license at 113 South 1st
Street be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized
to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

The Commission considered the new applications for gaming license. City
Manager Kennedy reported that police investigation of William H. Covey
and Earl E. Peyton was favorable, and it was recommended that the lic-
enses be issued.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of William H. Covey for 3
slot machines at the Coffee Pot, 18 Garces and the application of Earl E.
Peyton for 4 slot machines at the Strip Coffee Shop at 1328 South 5th
Street be approved, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue author-
ized to issue the licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

CLAIMS FOR DAMAGES
Marie Forgues

Easter C. Rundell

Daniel Petrie

Amanda Euge

Mabel R. Garry



Loretta Anderson

GAMING LICENSE
Add'n of Partner
Derby Turf

GAMING LICENSES
New

Coffee Pot & Strip
Coffee Shop